docs: update disclosure policy (#6072)
tari-project/tari: SECURITY.md

* Archived repositories;
* End-user documentation and educational or "help" materials (e.g., [Tari Labs University](https://tlu.tarilabs.com/));
* Example or test code.
* Proof-of-concept or demonstration applications.

> * Code marked `NOT READY FOR PRODUCTION`, unless the code is demonstrably used in production applications, and those 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Code or repositories indicated not to be suitable for production, unless the code is demonstrably used in production applications, and those 
```
Presumably the exact wording is not required?

Reviewer: For example, the new [Triptych](https://github.com/tari-project/triptych) repository is experimental and would be out of scope, but has a differently-worded [scary warning](https://github.com/tari-project/triptych?tab=readme-ov-file#warning).

Author: Correct. Exact wording is not necessary

Author: I've reworded to make this explicit.
